(DOCSP-31787): Add docs release notes for w/e August 4 (#2937)
mongodb/docs-realm: docs-release-notes.md

- Realm
  - Model Data
    - Relationships
      - Note that to-many relationship properties cannot be null and must be initialized with `realmListOf()`
      - Remove embedded object content
    - Define an Object Model: Move example of defining an embedded object onto this page
  - CRUD
    - Create: Move the example of creating an embedded object onto this page
    - Read: Move the example of querying an embedded object onto this page
    - Update: Move the example of updating an embedded object onto this page
    - Delete: Move the example of deleting an embedded object onto this page
- Sync Device Data
  - Manage Sync Session: New page with tested Bluehawked code examples for waiting for upload and download, pausing and resuming a sync session, checking connection state
  - Partition-Based Sync: New section with tested Bluehawked code examples for upload and download progress change listeners

## .NET SDK

- Sync Data
  - Landing Page: Remove Partition-Based Sync information
  - Configure & Open a Synced Realm: Remove Partition-Based Sync info and examples, update the "Synchronous Reads & Writes on the UI Thread" section to show Flexible Sync examples

>   - Partition-Based Sync: New page with moved info from the Sync landing page, moved open a synced realm content, a new section about updating client code after migrating from Partition-Based Sync to Flexible Sync

Reviewer: same as above
```suggestion
  - Partition-Based Sync: New page containing info moved from the Sync landing page, content for opening a synced realm, and a new section about updating client code after migrating from Partition-Based Sync to Flexible Sync
```
